# CS416 Narrative Visualization Interactive Slideshow

In this narrative visualization project, I am conveying the constant increase in minimum wage (both national and state) along with the rise in CPI from 1968 to 2020. To do this, I implemented an interactive slideshow structure so that the user can, at some points, hover over data points to view more information or click on textboxes to see more details about a topic. The slideshow is also restricted to allow the user to only go a page forward or backward, with the exception of the home screen, where the user can choose what slide to navigate to. This is important as it allows for more restriction on the user, allowing the implementor to lead the user through the visualization.

Three visual structures are used throughout the slideshow. A barchart shows the national minimum wage through the years, a scatterplot shows the state minimum wages by year, and another scatterplot is used to show the relationship between CPI and year. At the bottom of each scene are previous and next buttons that allow the user to navigate smoothly through the slides. The first slide also outlines what will be covered in the slideshow so as to let the user know what to expect. The scenes are ordered so that an overview is provided, followed by national data, before going into detail about the minimum wage for each state individually. The last slide then demonstrates the positive linear slope of CPI. Annotations are used to point out important parts of the data and follow the same structure, with red font to stand out against the screen. The parameters in this presentation are the states of the U.S.. The second scene that includes each state is set to show all of the states at once. The triggers used in this slideshow are both mouse hovering and clicking. Both of these reveal information that cannot be seen without these actions.
